What you just did in a few minutes,
used to take us days and a lot more code. A great job.
You now have a complete CI pipeline,
one that checks the code at several levels and
finds any problems before they become bigger.
Take a look at my code,
can you see how you could implement this in your own code?
What would you have done differently?
Here's my solution code again.
Like yours probably does,
mine has three jobs;
build, test, and analyze.
Of course, each job has very common elements.
They're really only wrapping commands that you could do from your own terminal.
As you can see, we've been able to put together all the different building blocks
and create a complete CI pipeline with very little code.
Isn't that exciting? Way to go.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6